What did this kid come from?
Yes, smile so protective of him
Even at the risk of Yue shi's fate
Did he have an affair with Xue Zhilong?
Or he has something in Xue Zhenglong's hands
Well, this kid is just handsome
Is there anything else that excels?
Hey, I remember you told me
He's good at that.
Is your smile so hungry this month?
Mom, I see Yue Xiaorou
Just like his looks
A little white face
I used to be a little white face in our house
Now we don't want him.
I found a new place so quickly
No wonder the divorce settlement was cut so quickly
So before we got divorced
The two of them have already hooked up. What do you say?
How dare he cuckold you?
This kid is shameless
I'll settle accounts with him
Now he has menstruation to support him.
Let's be cautious
What are you afraid of?
Since he is shameless
We let everyone know
The owner's smile is very discerning this month
But he is so high profile
Do you already know your identity?
No, I hide it well.
But in front of so many people
Said to cover you
I will also pass on the shares of Yuezhi Group to you
I should know something about you
Just wait and see.